feat(dws): add new action resource to update resource pool config (#9214)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dws_workload_queue_update_action.md

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region where the workload queue is located.  
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.  
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `cluster_id` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the ID of the cluster to which the workload queue belongs.

* `name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the name of the workload queue to be updated.

* `logical_cluster_name` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the name of the logical cluster to
  which the workload queue belongs.

* `configuration` - (Required, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of workload queue resource items to be updated.
  The [configuration](#dws_workload_queue_configuration) structure is documented below.

  -> The configuration requires the simultaneous declaration of memory, tablespace, activestatements, cpu_limit,
     and cpu_share.  
     Missing any of these fields will cause the parameter validation to fail.

<a name="dws_workload_queue_configuration"></a>
The `configuration` block supports:

* `resource_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the resource attribute name.  

>   The valid values are allowed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resource_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the resource attribute name.  
  The valid values are as follows:
```

Author: done

---
subcategory: "GaussDB(DWS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_dws_workload_queue_update_action"
description: |-

>   Use this resource to update workload queue resource configuration on the GaussDB(DWS) clusters within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Use this resource to update the resource configuration of workload queue within HuaweiCloud.
```

Author: done

---

# huaweicloud_dws_workload_queue_update_action

Use this resource to update workload queue resource configuration on the GaussDB(DWS) clusters within HuaweiCloud.

-> This resource is a one-time action resource. `terraform apply` sends the update request to the cluster.
   Destroying this resource does not revert the workload queue configuration on the cluster, it only removes
   the resource from the Terraform state file.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "cluster_id" {}
variable "queue_name" {}

variable "configuration_list" {
  type = list(object({
    resource_name  = string
    resource_value = number
  }))
}

> resource "huaweicloud_dws_workload_queue_update_action" "update_resources" {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resource "huaweicloud_dws_workload_queue_update_action" "test" {
```

Author: done

  which the workload queue belongs.

* `configuration` - (Required, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of workload queue resource items to update.
  The [configuration](#dws_workloadQueueUpdateAction_configuration) structure is documented below.

  -> The configuration requires the simultaneous declaration of memory, tablespace, activestatements, cpu_limit,
     and cpu_share.  
     Missing any of these fields will cause the parameter validation to fail.

<a name="dws_workloadQueueUpdateAction_configuration"></a>
The `configuration` block supports:

* `resource_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the resource name.  
  The valid values are allowed:
  + **memory**
  + **tablespace**
  + **activestatements**
  + **cpu_limit**
  + **cpu_share**

* `resource_value` - (Required, Int, NonUpdatable) Specifies the resource attribute value.

* `value_unit` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the unit of the resource attribute.

* `resource_description` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the additional description of the resource.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The ID of action resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `id` - The resource ID.
```

Author: done
